Hi there. This is Chris. And in this
video, I'm going to show you how to
log on to the Myth computers from a
Linux computer. And I happen to be running
Ubuntu. You can this will work for any
flavor of Unix or Linux that you have.
In Ubuntu, I can click up here to
actually find the terminal program. So you need
to be able to open the terminal. And
when I open up the terminal program, I'll
make it a little bit bigger here. When
I open up the terminal program to actually
log on to the myth computers, type s
s h for secure shell and then your
SUNET ID, mine happens to be c greg
and then at miff dot stanford dot edu
and in fact if you're on the Stanford
campus you don't even need to type the
stanford. Part, you can just type c greg
at miff and then when you log on
the first time it will ask you if
you're sure you wanna continue, you will answer
yes. And then, it will never ask you
that again actually. But it does ask you
for your password. Now, if I type my
password in here, you'll notice as I'm typing
it that, it is not showing up on
the screen and that's just a security method,
a security measure so that you, nobody can
look over your shoulder when you're typing your
password. But rest assured you could be typing
and your password is going into the, computer.
And then you're logged in and so that's
about it. If we there's some other commands,
I happen to have a one zero seven
directory which we can c d into and
you can type your commands like l s
etcetera. A couple commands you might wanna know
just basically being in the terminal are clear,
which clears the screen, and then reset, which
also clears the screen but in a slightly
lower level. And, how do you log out
of the NIF computers? You just type log
out and then enter or you can type
control d and that will also log you
out. Thanks.